Revamp Gerrit connection docs (#48033)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/gerrit/gerrit.md

> # Gerrit

Reviewer: I'd rename the file `index.md` so that you can link to `gerrit` (or just keep the old filename)

<span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span>

> A Gerrit instance can be connected to Sourcegraph as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Gerrit instance can be connected to Sourcegraph in the following ways:
```

1. [Configure Gerrit as a code host connection](#configure-gerrit-as-a-code-host-connection)
1. (Optional) [Add Gerrit as an authentication provider](#add-gerrit-as-an-authentication-provider)

> 1. (Optional) [Have users authenticate their Sourcegraph accounts using their Gerrit HTTP credentials](#have-users-authenticate-their-sourcegraph-accounts-using-their-gerrit-http-credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) [Allow users to authenticate their Sourcegraph accounts using their Gerrit HTTP credentials](#have-users-authenticate-their-sourcegraph-accounts-using-their-gerrit-http-credentials)
```

## Configure Gerrit as a code host connection

1. In the **Site Admin** settings area, select **Manage code hosts** from the options on the left and select the **Add code host** option.
![The Manage code hosts section in the Site Admin settings area.](./manage_code_hosts.png)
2. On the following screen, select **Gerrit** as the code host of choice.
![Gerrit as a code host option in the list](./select_gerrit.png)

> 3. Next you will have to provide a configuration for the Gerrit code host connection. Here is an example configuration:

Reviewer: I think we should keep the old `## Configuration` section at the bottom and link to it here

> ```json

Reviewer: Doesn't this need to be intended 4 spaces?

{
  "url": "https://gerrit.example.com/", // Be sure to add a trailing slash
  "username": "<admin username>",
  "password": "<admin password>",
  "projects": [ // If not set, all projects on the Gerrit instance will be mirrored
    "docs",
    "kubernetes/kubernetes"
  ],

>   "authorization": {} // Marks all repositories as private. Users will be required to present valid Gerrit HTTP credentials in order to view repositories

Reviewer: I'd also add that enables Gerrit as authentication provider
```suggestion
  "authorization": {} // Use Gerrit as authentication provider. This will mark all repositories as private. Users will be required to present valid Gerrit HTTP credentials in order to view repositories
```

}
```
4. The provided `username` and `password` must be the HTTP credentials of an admin account on Gerrit. See [the Gerrit HTTP documentation](https://gerrit-documentation.storage.googleapis.com/Documentation/2.14.2/user-upload.html#http) for details on how to generate HTTP credentials.

> 5. Select **Add Repositories** to create the connection and Sourcegraph will start mirroring the specified projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select **Add Repositories** to create the connection. Sourcegraph will start mirroring the specified projects.
```

If you added the `"authorization": {}` option to the configuration, and this is the first Gerrit code host connection you have created for this Gerrit instance, you might see a warning like this:
![Warning indicating that an authentication provider is required for a code host connection](./auth_warning.png)

> Simply follow the steps in the next section to configure a Gerrit authentication provider.

Reviewer: It's a bit weird that this is in here. I think it'd be better to take out `authentication` in the configuration above and mention here that the next section explains how to do that.

Not a blocker though, I just don't like instructions/guides having users run into warnings and _then_ saying "did you see that? let's fix it". Either announce that you'll run into a warning or make it explicit in a separate step.

## Add Gerrit as an authentication provider

If the `"authorization": {}` option has been set on a Gerrit code host connection, a Gerrit authentication provider will be required so that authroized users are able to search for and browse the code mirrored by that code host connection.

> 1. In the **Site Admin** settings area, select **Site configuration** from the options on the left.

Reviewer: I think in other docs we usually link to the site config page. Not a blocker though.

2. Add a Gerrit configuration to the list of `"auth.providers"`.
![Add a Gerrit configuration to the list of configured authentication providers](./gerrit_auth.png)
3. Here is an example configuration:
```json
{
  "type": "gerrit",
  "url": "https://gerrit.example.com/" // This must match the URL of the code host connection. Be sure to add a trailing slash
}
```
4. Save the configuration. If there was a warning at the top of the page, it should now disappear.

Users should now be able to authenticate their Sourcegraph accounts using their Gerrit HTTP credentials.

## Have users authenticate their Sourcegraph accounts using their Gerrit HTTP credentials

> With an active Gerrit code host connection with the `"authorization": {}` option enabled, and a configured Gerrit authentication provider, users should be able to authenticate their Sourcegraph accounts using their Gerrit HTTP credentials:

Reviewer: Maybe add something like "If you followed the previous two steps (Setup code host connection,Add Gerrit as an authentication provider)" and make both links?
